You little fools
Aren't you curious? There is only one mommy.
Barbie has a lot
Yeah, why?
And that's what I'm going to talk to you about.
This afternoon.
Xi Hancheng's
My subordinates found the hospital where Mommy gave birth to us.
I'll follow along
I didn't expect to find it by accident
Mommy gave birth to us five years ago
Five years ago, the next lily took advantage of mommy to give birth
Secretly bribing doctors
Carried the three of us to Mommy
Let me see my child
Miss Xia Miss Xia
You gave birth to quintuplets, quintuplets.
So the three of us are actually
They are not Mommy's biological children
Just an orphan who was not adopted in the hospital
Why would Schauberger do this?
Of course because
Chabajo
I want Mommy to work hard for a lifetime to raise children for others
Finally exhausted
This bad woman is too much
I'm not Mommy's child
We are even a burden to Mommy
These years have dragged down mommy
How about we recognize each other better than our father?
This will also allow our dad to help
I think our biological father is better than
It can lighten the burden on mommy
Absolutely not.
Our own fathers are so good
If we recognize each other
They will definitely take you away from mommy
Then you'll never see Mommy again
I don't want I don't want
I don't want to be separated from my brothers
I don't want to leave Mommy
I don't want it either.
Ah!